- [Instructor] This course is a survey course
in spring performance tuning.
To get the most out of this course,
you will need a fluency with Java 8
and the Core Spring framework, including Spring Boot.
You will benefit from a basic knowledge
of JDBC connectivity, aspect-oriented programming,
and the Java Virtual Machine.
Familiarity with common web and API application patterns
and architectures will also be useful.
In order to interact
with the hands-on project exercise files,
you will need to be able to clone a git repository.
Also required are the abilities to compile and run
a Maven-based spring application in a Java friendly,
integrated development environment,
such as IntelliJ, NetBeans or Eclipse.
We will present our code demonstrations using IntelliJ.
However, you can have success with any major Java-based IDE.